you
hey guys Rory at recombu here without in
Mobile World Congress 2015 looking at
the latest handsets this one is the LG
spirit it's a mid-range phone one step
down from the LG Magna which we've
already shot a video of this is a 4.7
inch model instead of the 5 inch as seen
on the Magna but don't let that worry
you too much it runs the same 720p
resolution as the Magna and because it's
smaller those pixels are more densely
packed together so the screen is
actually a little bit sharper it's got a
312 pixels per inch pixel density in
terms of screen quality well it's pretty
reasonable actually and the colors
really pop it's um it's a lovely display
its Android 5.0 lollipop skinned with a
load of other LG software if we go up to
the notifications at the top we can see
there is no support for qslide
unfortunately so you can't multitask on
the desktop but there is quick memo so
you can scroll quick messages to
yourself on the screen like when you're
going to call you can write down notes
at the other person's talking about or
make a quick shopping list as for the
design itself it's quite a chunky check
not one of these super sleek handsets
but it is a mid-range phone like we say
and so that's kind of par for the course
really around the back it's made of
plastic rather than metal arguably more
importantly that any of that stuff is
the fact that it's nice and light and
you can use it in one hand on the back
you'll see you've got the usual power
button and the volume controls now the
fact the power buttons position there is
actually quite useful because it means
you can turn the phone screen on and off
really really quickly without fumbling
around the sides of the screen on the
back you get either a 5 megapixel camera
or an 8 megapixel camera depending on
the region you live in I think in the UK
we're going to get the 5 unfortunately
and on the front you get a basic vga
camera but as usual LG's interface is
nice and simple you can move all the
texts out of the way just get a nice
pure viewfinder and tap to shoot and it
really takes pictures very very quickly
indeed if we tap up in the right hand
corner you can take a look at the photos
you've just taken the quality looks kind
of kind of average on first impression
right here we'll have to take it away
and give it a proper test to let you
know definitively whether it's any good
or not but
for a mid-range phone it's okay if we
take a quick look at the user facing vga
camera the selfie camera you can see
it's pretty interesting that tiny tiny
preview windows not a bug it's actually
a feature what it means is that you've
got extra white space around the edges
and that works as a kind of makeshift
flash the extra white lights up your
face makes things a bit brighter in
there in the frame so that's the LG
spirit should be coming out within the
next month or two in the UK we don't
know the price yet but stick around
ricambi calm / mobile we'll keep you up
to speed with all the information like
subscribe share and you have any
questions let us know in the comments
below